== Twitter Textmode ==

Turns your twitter feed into a plain html page in chronological order.

This project is something I wrote for myself, as documented at
http://edgewhys.wordpress.com/fixing-twitter. I have made
only the briefest gestures towards making it usable by others. It's
probably not even something you want. But if it is, here's how.

You Will Need:

1. A linux box with python and a webserver on it, and permission to
tell it to host a static html page.

2. A twitter account.

Setup:

1. Install python-twitter and its dependencies. See https://github.com/bear/python-twitter

2. git clone textmode wherever you want it. No setup, it's just a
script and some files.

3. Go to dev.twitter.com, sign in, and go through the application
creation process. You can put arbitrary stuff in the text fields, it
doesn't actually matter.

4. When you're done, it will give you four long gobbledy strings of
delicious encryption-key. Copy those into the appropriate strings in
keys.py

5. Set outfile in keys.py to the full path to the file you want your
twitter feed written to. Tell your webserver to start serving that
page.

6. (optional) Replace the tweet id in since with the id of the tweet
before you'd like textmode to start at. The id right there is just
some random tweet from my feed; this will work fine, but if you are
doing this significantly later than 2/5/13, it may go further back
than you'd like and cause ratelimiting issues.

7. Tell cron to run textmode.py once an hour (or whatever). Right now,
for me, the Twitter API is limited to 350 requests an hour, so doing
it significantly more frequently might not work, depending on how many
people you follow.

8. Wait for cron or run it yourself, and then load your shiny, shiny
new textmode twitter feed your browser.

Notes:

Currently shows all tweets by people you follow, including tweets @
people you don't follow. I like this, but you could probably filter
them out pretty easily if you wanted.

Currently timestamps every hour, because I don't care about the exact
moment of a tweet enough to sacrifice the horizontal space, but this
would also be an easy change. pydoc twitter.Status for relevant info.